You said the report was mediated
What evidence do you have?
I saw it with my own eyes in the hospital
The person written on the report is not you at all
What the hell is going on?
He stole my clinic
Take my place
He is for your wealth and money
Will do something hurtful
You trust me.
I am your mother.
Did this bitch regain her memory?
Daughter, don't believe his nonsense
The golden lock is obviously mine
He must have taken my place when he received Bucheon
The person who takes my place
Clearly it's you
Stop pretending, don't think I don't know
You are trying to cover up the fact that Bucheon cheated
What nonsense are you talking about?
He just wants to seize the Zhang family's property
And let Shen Guiying replace me
Kick me out of the Zhang family
They also want to join forces to kill you
Impossible Fuchang is not such a person
I believe him.
madam
I have evidence here that Mr. cheated